If you come to Rio, don't forget to call me to be your guide!
Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking.
I bet he isn't telling the truth.
Life is short, though a smile only lasts a second.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Tom knew he couldn't save Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't do that.
Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts.
Being a good horseman doesn't suffice in order to be a good leader.
I took it as a joke and did not answer.
She loves Tom, not me.
I bought a word processor in order to write a book of my own.
Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed.
Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals.
There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
I heard that Tom is in Australia.
I've heard that carrots are good for your eyes.
Really? I had locked it up before I went out.
Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways.
Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit.
Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour.
Mix the rice and eggs with soy sauce.
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
I recall the happy days and nights we spent together.
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
I wonder why he is so angry.
I wonder why Tom didn't talk to Mary.
I wonder whether Tom really forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan.
He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness".
For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience.
She lit a match to light the fire.
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
If you don't believe us, go and ask the stationmaster.
If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
He went up to the rooftop of the apartment building to fix the antenna.
Independence? I'm not interested.
If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon.
If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs.
Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization.
Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance.
"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" Mr Costello said.
If your gums are bleeding, it means that you don't brush your teeth thoroughly.
If you take a nap now, you will have a dream; but if you study now, you will realize your dream.
If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such.
If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
We demand actions, not words.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
Prove that you love me.
You'll have to study harder from now on.
Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means "come over," similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose.
Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity.
Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November.
Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
Beginning now, we will speak only French.
I decided it wasn't too late.
From your lips to God's ears!
Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far.
First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole.
Let's hope it works.
Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the "little brother" of Germany and Japan.
Let's presume you're right.
He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests.
A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: "There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."
Tomorrow it will be prohibited to drive private vehicles downtown.
These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
She said that she was good-looking.
This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver.
This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling.
She always showed up too soon.
She appears to have many friends.
This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't be careful.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things.
This is a good place to camp.
As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years.
It was three days ago.
These people see us as a menace.
These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares.
These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty).
However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
Exactly this is our role and not a notary's role.
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire.
That means everything has to be put back," said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw.
He says still loves me but I don't believe him at all.
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before.
This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor.
This house has a nice view of the sea on one side and of the mountains on the other.
This bread is hard as a rock.
After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam.
After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
I walk like a penguin.
I bet Tom knows the answer.
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built?
Take the child outside to play in the garden.
Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
He made sure the images were horizontal.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
I see you've been busy.
I see you've been busy.
I see you've been busy.
I see you've been busy.
She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B.
For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings.
To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite.
To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety.
On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed.
Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning.
Let's give credit where credit is due.
For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car.
For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads.
For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race.
Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month.
Why not?
Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements.
We knew we had to work hard.
I've known your father since before you were born.
She turned the handle to open the door.
I borrowed Father's hammer to build a dog house.
I can't find time to read the book.
As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
We won't go for a walk if the weather's bad.
I won't tell anyone that you're in Boston.
I don't want to talk to you, because you broke my heart.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
I can't wait to see what happens next.
I can't wait to see Tom and his children.
It's not like we live in different cities.
I can't believe Tom is being replaced.
I can't believe I just did what I did.
I can't believe that Tom ate the whole chicken by himself.
I can't believe that Tom would do such a thing.
I can't get anything done if you keep bothering me.
I don't love Tom.
I didn't feel comfortable because I didn't speak French.
You don't listen!
You aren't listening.
I didn't listen.
I don't tolerate incompetence.
I'm not worried about you.
No previous experience is required.
I didn't answer the phone because I didn't catch it in time.
She didn't answer.
Nobody likes it.
I'm not kidding.
I don't deal with idiots.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
He didn't find work.
It's not possible for us to be very affectionate.
We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
I'm not thirsty.
Didn't the alarm clock work?
I didn't see anyone.
I'm not illiterate.
I'm not ready yet.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not busy today.
I am not from India.
I am not sick.
I'm not an astrologer; I'm an economist.
I'm not certain.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm not here.
I'm not a professional.
I'm not ready to die.
I'm not satisfied with this.
I'm not a yachtsman.
I'm not Italian.
I'm not Italian.
I'm not Catholic.
I'm not at all tired.
I'm not at all tired.
I'm not very busy.
I'm not very good at this.
I'm not very good at this.
I'm not Canadian.
I'm not Canadian.
I'm not Canadian.
I'm not tired.
I'm not your teacher.
I am not your enemy.
I'm not young anymore.
I'm not very busy.
I'm not very busy right now.
I'm not a great singer.
I am not a prophet.
I am not a morning person.
I'm not perfect.
I'm not a Golden Dawn supporter.
I'm not a Golden Dawn supporter.
We're not disappointed.
We're not millionaires.
We're not guilty.
We're not guilty.
We're not ready.
We are not ready.
We're not happy.
We're not the only Canadians here.
We're not prepared for that.
We're not healthy.
They aren't farmers.
It isn't expensive.
He's not Algerian.
It's none other than her.
It's not effective.
It's not a cat. It's a dog.
It's not a cat. It's a dog.
It isn't written in French.
Tom isn't diabetic.
Life isn't fair.
This is not fair.
Tom isn't fair.
It isn't mine.
It isn't mine.
French isn't difficult.
Persian is not hard.
French isn't a difficult language.
English is not difficult to learn.
It's not a gift.
He is not there.
French is not an easy language.
They're not happy.
They are not alive.
This is not about money.
Tom isn't a Canadian.
Tom isn't Canadian.
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
It isn't locked.
She's not a thief.
She isn't married.
He is not married.
They're never happy.
They're never happy.
They're not green.
It's not optional.
They're not supervillains.
It's not cheap.
It's not cheap.
She isn't poor.
They're not natural curls!
Today's not Christmas!
He's no liar.
She is not tall.
That's not the goal.
Jack isn't here.
They're not happy.
They're not happy.
I didn't say it was easy.
I said nothing.
She did not say anything.
You're not fast enough.
You aren't safe.
You are not a doctor.
Are you not a teacher?
You're not a lawyer.
You aren't ready.
You aren't welcome here.
Aren't you happy?
You are not Japanese.
You aren't Canadian.
You're not Canadian.
You aren't yourself.
You are not a dog. Are you a cat?
You aren't thirty.
You're not obligated to come.
You're not obligated to come.
You're not fast enough.
You are not Japanese.
You aren't yourself.
You're not fast enough.
You are not Japanese.
You are not Japanese.
You are not a doctor.
The problem isn't you.
You aren't ready.
You aren't ready.
You aren't ready.
You're not welcome here.
You aren't welcome.
You're not welcome here.
You aren't welcome here.
You aren't welcome.
You're not welcome here.
Aren't you happy?
You are not my cousin.
You are not Japanese.
You're not Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Canadian.
You're not Canadian.
You're not my father.
You are not a student.
You're not poor.
You're not poor.
We had no secrets.
I didn't have anything to do.
I didn't do anything.
Tom wasn't lying.
There is no salt left.
There was nothing left over.
I don't trust women.
I don't trust Tom.
We don't trust strangers.
They don't trust each other.
No one's interested.
I am not interested in politics.
I don't approve of his conduct.
No one is coming.
I don't come here very often.
He still hasn't responded.
No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement.
Hasn't Tom arrived yet?
It won't make any difference whichever you choose.
It makes no sense.
He has never been to Okinawa before.
Tom doesn't have many books.
He doesn't have a fever.
You have not heard the children.
Aren't you late?
You don't have brown eyes.
You don't have any reason to be jealous.
Have you learned nothing from your mistakes?
Don't you have school today?
Don't you have anything better to do?
You have no manners.
You don't have brown eyes.
You have no manners.
We have no choice but to fight.
We have no more food.
We have no reason to be ashamed.
We don't have money to travel by bus.
We have no reason to do that.
We haven't talked to Tom yet.
We aren't always right.
We have no place to go.
We don't have school tomorrow.
We've got nothing.
We don't have the proper equipment.
They do not have what we require.
No arrests have been made.
I don't have a horse.
I don't have enough money to pay my debts.
I don't have a cat.
I haven't seen a heterosexual person in over a week.
I haven't seen Tom since.
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
I have nothing to open a can with.
I haven't slept.
I don't have a girlfriend.
I don't have any money on me.
I've not started yet.
I have never been abroad.
I've never been to Paris.
I don't have any children.
I don't have much of an appetite.
I've never seen a rainbow.
I haven't tried.
I don't have anything else to do.
I don't have anything else to add.
I haven't eaten.
I don't have a girlfriend.
I'm broke.
I don't have time.
I didn't want milk.
I didn't want to take all the money.
I didn't want to believe that.
She didn't want to do it.
We weren't cautious enough.
I wasn't angry.
I wasn't angry.
I wasn't drunk.
I've never been to Paris.
I wasn't at that meeting.
I didn't attend his funeral.
I didn't know you were gay.
I didn't know frizzy hair is back in fashion.
I didn't know how many to get.
You did not come to school yesterday.
That wasn't necessary.
It was not a pleasant experience.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary.
It won't make any difference.
I won't tell anyone about you.
I won't tell anyone about her.
You're not going to like what I'm about to say.
I won't ask you anything else today.
He doesn't want to study today.
I don't want meat.
I don't want dinner.
I don't want to work.
I don't want to have anything more to do with you!
I don't want to go to school.
I don't want to go to church today.
I don't remember when I first met him.
He does not smoke.
I don't smoke.
Tom doesn't understand French.
You don't understand women, Tom.
We don't understand French.
They don't understand French at all.
I don't understand English.
I don't understand music.
I don't understand your question.
I didn't understand the question.
I didn't manage to meet with Tom yet. I'll try this afternoon.
I'm not accusing anyone.
I'm not accusing anyone in particular.
We didn't win the game.
You're not sleeping enough.
I wasn't sleeping.
I never swim.
Aren't you cold?
They don't understand me when I speak German.
I don't care what Tom said.
I don't speak Spanish.
He didn't tell me his name.
She can't be right.
She can't drive.
He can't help you.
You can't teach a crab how to walk straight.
You can't buy this.
You can't see her.
You can't eat soup with a fork.
You can't do anything.
You can't kill us all.
You can't go there.
You can't buy this.
You can't prove it.
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
We can't change history, but we can learn from it.
We can't live without oxygen.
We can't swim here.
We can't drink milk.
We can't tell you.
We can't stop you.
We can't trust you.
We can't stop at every rest stop.
I couldn't sleep.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
I can't buy a new bicycle.
I can't accept your gift.
I can't be with you all day.
I can't do anything for you.
I can't understand.
I can't understand one simple word.
I can't talk about that.
I can't forget her softness.
I can't forget her smile.
I can't go anywhere during the coronavirus.
I can't fly.
I can't drink milk.
I cannot drink tea without sugar.
I can't forget you.
I can't believe you.
I can't help you this week.
I can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist.
I can't lend you this book.
I can't make you any promises.
I can't forget her.
I can't bear it.
I can't protect him.
I can't sing very well.
I can't run as fast.
I can't eat.
I can't eat pork.
I can't reach the transom.
I cannot leave.
I can't deal with this problem anymore.
I can't work for this company anymore.
I don't feel safe here anymore.
I do not feel well today.
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit?
I don't think you're a jinx.
We didn't know Tom needed help.
No one knows we're here.
He knows neither how to read nor write.
You don't know who I am.
You don't know what I owe you.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
You don't know who I am.
You don't know what I owe you.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can do it.
I don't know if I still have it.
I don't know French.
I don't know why they did that.
I don't know why Tom isn't here.
I don't know why I have to do this.
I don't know, I never asked him about that.
I don't know how to get home from here.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what they did to Tom.
I don't know what you mean.
I don't know what you can do.
I don't know what to tell Tom.
I know nothing about her.
I don't know what you're looking for.
Tom doesn't drive fast.
I don't think I'm prepared for the exam.
I don't think I can go swimming today.
I don't think Tom is Canadian.
I don't think Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I don't think your seeing him is good for you.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that by himself.
He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output.
We didn't play well.
I don't do drugs.
She didn't get married, but she has a child.
I'm not going to the beach with you.
We're not hungry.
I'm not hungry at all.
I'm not very hungry right now.
I didn't go to the zoo.
I don't drink.
I don't trust them anymore.
We don't wash the dishes.
No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground.
You should be serious about your health.
You don't have to come tomorrow.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
We're not going to buy anything today.
I'm not going to disappear.
No one is going to help us.
You're not going to find us.
I am not going to stop you.
I am not going to stop you.
We're not going to stop now.
You're not going to find them.
You're not going to find them.
You're not going to find them.
You're not paying attention.
I don't believe in you.
There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
I'm not studying English.
They never stopped.
I don't agree with you.
Nobody bought it.
I haven't given them to Tom yet.
I don't want them.
I haven't given them to Tom yet.
We don't want it.
I don't love her.
I didn't eat it.
I don't know her.
She doesn't like this game.
We didn't help them escape.
I don't want them.
Nobody bought it.
I hadn't seen that.
I didn't do this on purpose.
We haven't found it.
I don't remember that.
I didn't eat it.
We have not found it.
I haven't seen him lately.
I haven't seen him since we were young.
It wasn't until he came to me for a detailed discussion that I believed him.
He never said it again.
However, I don't know it.
I can't believe it!
He didn't like me.
He doesn't like sports.
I don't dislike them.
We didn't help them escape.
I haven't given them to Tom yet.
Don't you remember them?
Don't you remember them?
They don't care.
You can't hold a candle to him.
I don't need this.
I do not sing.
Tom isn't eating.
I never eat meat.
They don't always obey their parents.
There is no answer to your question.
There's not enough coffee.
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
There's nobody there.
We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
There are no victims.
I didn't sign up for this.
There was no sign of life in the house.
There was nothing but an old chair in the room.
There wasn't time.
I wasn't implying anything.
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
I'm not afraid of death.
You don't have to talk so loud.
You don't need to think about that now.
I didn't vote.
I can't believe three years has already gone by.
I can't believe it's been three years.
I didn't think doing that would be that easy.
I didn't think doing that would be that easy.
She said, "There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet.
They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot.
It was ruled by the "Vichy" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them.
For whether it's about marriage or about unmarried cohabitation, the institution of marriage resulted from the need to protect the children and the woman, and to ensure the reproduction and perpetuation of the species.
We were both very thirsty.
We worked like ants.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
Give me an olive and some salami, my dear.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe.
If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required.
There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
He showed interest in the tsambouna when he was four years old.
How long have you been a teacher?
How long have you been a teacher?
I'm quite sure Tom won't want to do that.
I'm sure I left the door open.
I'm grateful for what she did.
I'm sure I left the door open.
I'm sure I will find a way.
I'm sure we'll see Tom again.
I'm absolutely sure it'll rain tomorrow.
We're both very tired.
Are we sure we want to hire Tom?
It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle.
He is strong, brave and, above all, kind.
It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
It's a quarter past nine.
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists.
It's our final dress rehearsal and I want it to be flawless.
He is stubborn, though honest.
You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls.
It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies.
She's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
He's handsome and mysterious.
I said that I was just kidding about it.
I said I'm fine.
I told Tom that you had come to Australia.
He added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
He said that he was hungry.
You're old enough to do that by yourself.
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure you want to go with Tom?
Are you sure you want to go with Tom?
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you want to go with Tom?
Are you sure Tom can do that?
Are you sure Tom can do that?
Are you for or against the war?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure Tom isn't busy?
Are you sure you pressed the right button?
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
Are you sure that's what Tom said?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you don't remember?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure Tom can do that?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you don't remember?
Are you sure I'm the only Canadian here?
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
I visited Boston many years ago.
I visited Boston many years ago.
It was turned into a movie.
I was pedaling like crazy, but I didn't seem to be getting anywhere.
I pretended to work.
Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot.
Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
I hope you will call again.
I hope the weather will be good.
I hope the weather will be good.
I was told that Tom had moved to Australia.
When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans.
A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
A husband and a wife are spouses.
Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
One is speaking English and the other Japanese.
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to "camp".
However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat.
While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist.
Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction.
While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth," added Stofan.
Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends.
He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the "settled law of the land", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings.
Having done that with Tom before, I knew he wouldn't be able to do it very well.
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process.
About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does.
For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
Also blogging "forces students to become more savvy about the world around them." The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out.
I had to work hard when I was young.
You are a woman and I am a man.
Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you.
I hurried to the bus stop so I wouldn't miss the last bus.
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan.
Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.
He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
He was spitting up blood and that's why I called the doctor.
She has eagle eyes.
He has his faults, but I still like him.
Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the "cloud").
Having done that with Tom before, I knew he wouldn't be able to do it very well.
We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree.
They have potatoes in France, but not in the Netherlands.
I have five hens and get about three eggs a day from them.
I've studied French for years.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead.
Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
Love is not a given and self-evident.
Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
My sister is too young to go to school.
They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
The sand is yellow, and also the sun is yellow. The sand and the the sun are yellow.
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website.
Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
The teacher said that no one knew the answer to the question I asked.
The teacher said that we must memorize these idioms.
When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire.
Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
Attention Deficit Disorder "is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy".
ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
The job of the postman is the delivery of parcels or of letters.
Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities.
Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no "rough areas."
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
Freedom is useless unless you use it.
The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India.
Its surface can be smooth or rough.
The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males.
Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
Life is like a big highway.
I wanted coffee, not tea.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel.
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist "whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."
The station's web site describes the show as "old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries.
The vocative is the case we use when we call or address someone or something.
Their daughter claims to see monsters.
The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society.
Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation.
The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes.
MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
Tom doesn't really like Mary, even though he says he does.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was annoying.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was divorced.
We were both very hungry.
We were both tired.
We were both very tired.
We were both very hungry.
Melanie thinks that it's going to rain.
The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn.
Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point.
Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
I was very tired when I got home last night.
Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
The bride and groom released two doves when they came out into the church yard.
Night is when most people go to bed.
Did you know Tom and Mary both have houses on Park Street?
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows.
A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria.
The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay.
The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African.
The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics.
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years.
The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from Somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia.
The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus.
MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe.
Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation.
Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
The Russian language is a Slavic language spoken natively in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, and is widely used, although without official imprimatur, in Latvia, Estonia and many other countries that form the constituent republics of the former Soviet Union.
Sami peed and shat in Layla's toilet.
The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa.
His wife doesn't even know why he died.
The coexistence of nationalism and Marxism dates back to the late interwar period.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
His behavior, as I remember, was very bad.
The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
Appropriate use of blogs "can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002).
She was unable to completely give up her hope of marrying him.
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
It was based on the German alphabet and one character "Õ/õ" was added.
It was dark when I got back home.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar.
The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool.
Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined.
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs.
High blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and the arteries.
Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday.
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D.
Finland is a great boating destination. The "Land of a thousand lakes" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country.
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo.
He would be surprised if he saw you.
You'll have your turn.
"It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
I would like to get a camera like this.
Would you like coffee or tea?
Would you like meat or fish?
Will you teach me how to play chess?
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
I could get in trouble if I did that.
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
We'll die if we stay here.
Should I tell him that I like him or that I love him?
I'll teach you how to sew and to weave.
Would you mind if I used paper towels?
Would you mind if I used paper towels?
I'll show you how it works.
If I weren't broke, I'd buy it.
I'll take it if you don't mind.
I'd buy it if I weren't broke.
I'll take it if you don't mind.
I'll be glad when I'm done.
Do you want to go or not?
Do you want to go to Harvard or not?
Do you want tea or coffee?
Do you want to go to Harvard or not?
They both want the same thing.
They want sex, wealth and fame.
I want to live my life without stress and worries. I don't need to be rich or famous, I just want to be happy.
I want to tell her I love her.
I want to tell them I love them.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize.
He founded the school five years ago.
They claim they're Canadians.
They claim they're Canadians.
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
He got on his bike and sped off.
All beginnings are difficult.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally.
Everyone has the right to assemble and associate freely.
Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left.
Do you catch viruses every time one of your friends comes and puts his flash drive into your computer?
Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
And I think she highlighted her hair.
Tom and I are both Canadians.
Tom and I are both Canadians.
Tom and Mary are both Canadians.
Both Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Both Tom and John married Canadian women.
No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings).
None of them speak French.
None of the students found the correct answer.
It's cold; why don't you put on a sweater?
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
You're wrong. That's not what I said.
No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
None of the students found the correct answer.
Nobody wants to die.
No one's interested.
No one helped me.
Nobody knows your secret.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
I rue the day I met them.
He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
Something happened to the car and it doesn't start.
What if something went wrong?
Close the window before you leave.
Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags.
She looks at her arm and sees a sparkling bracelet.
Look at me and listen to me.
Look at me when I talk to you!
There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze.
Keep both of your hands on the steering wheel.
Keep both hands on the steering wheel.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up.
This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see.
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
He says still loves me but I don't believe him at all.
They say you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
They say you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
They say that Tokyo is very safe.
Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations.
Pick up your things and go away.
We learned to fly like birds and swim like fishes, but we forgot how to live like humans.
Wish I could fly anywhere I would like like a bird.
I like both.
He was looking at us like a fool.
Hello stranger.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation.
With this white and brown pill, you'll understand everything about Buddhism.
According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest.
There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better.
"Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting.
He makes me laugh.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
Some people consider sex before marriage improper behavior.
Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character.
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem.
Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
After the match, King of Clay said, "I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."
With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
With his enthusiasm and determination, he's an example to the rest of the team.
By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening.
Don't put sugar in the coffee.
Don't put sugar in the coffee.
Don't take your mask off.
Don't go without a hat.
You shouldn't judge a person by his looks.
"Don't say such rubbish!" said the farmer.
Don't touch me!
Don't underestimate us.
Don't leave me alone.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me alone.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me alone here.
Don't leave me like this.
Don't interrupt me.
Don't get drunk.
Don't get drunk.
Don't forget me.
Don't underestimate me.
Don't underestimate me.
Don't talk about my girlfriend like that.
Don't talk so loud.
Don't talk so loud!
Don't talk about my girlfriend like that.
Don't talk about my girlfriend like that.
Don't lie to me.
Don't lie to me again.
Do not tell me you feel sorry for me.
Don't worry, I'm sure that I can find someone else!
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Don't step on the dog's tail.
Don't step on the dog's tail.
Don't turn the light off.
Don't turn the light off.
Don't stop!
Don't stand near me.
Don't give them to him!
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Since I was thirsty, I drank water.
Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
She talks like a truck driver.
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
"I hate this song!" "Then why are you dancing?"
Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions.
Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
I like music and English.
I like and I need to study many foreign languages.
I like both.
I have a grievance about that, I believe it was unfair.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
It seems to me that you should be able to do that by yourself.
I think that Tom is getting better.
It seems to me we need to talk to Tom.
It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
He can speak both English and French.
He has his faults, but I still like him.
Can you speak my language?
You can sit if you want.
You may go if you wish, it's up to you.
You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
Can you tell me why you want to work for us?
We can talk here. No problem.
I can tell this has been difficult for you.
Bottle or glass?
Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you.
Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population.
Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times.
Should I call a gravedigger or an ambulance?
I thought I heard Tom's voice.
I thought it was a bad dream.
I thought it was the right thing to do.
I thought that you'd find it interesting.
I thought that Tom liked riddles.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were a Canadian.
I thought you were Japanese.
I thought you were Japanese.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were a Canadian.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were a Canadian.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were at work.
I thought he was sick.
I thought it was fine.
I thought they were all Canadians.
I thought they were all Canadians.
I thought Tom was Canadian.
I thought Tom would find it interesting.
Do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think sports can provide us a better quality of life?
Do you find French difficult?
Did you think I was Canadian?
Did you think I was Canadian?
Do you think this is a game?
Do you think this is a game?
They think they're good singers.
I think I belong to England.
I think this is yours.
I think they do that on purpose.
I think you know who I am.
I think two languages aren't enough.
I think she's sick.
I think you're lost.
I think something's wrong with my brain.
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
I think you know who I am.
I think Tom still believes that.
I think Tom is still in Boston.
I think Tom is open-minded.
I think Tom is drunk.
I think Tom wants to come with us.
I think I hurt his feelings.
I think you like your job.
I think you need to think about the future.
I think they are going to Australia just for fun.
I think you know who I am.
I think I'm in love with Tom.
I think I'm in love with her.
I think he's innocent.
I think they're liars.
I think I have frostbite.
I think I have a lot to offer.
I think something is being plotted behind my back.
I think I know why you're here.
I think Tom is drunk.
I think you're hungry.
I think we have to tell them.
I think I impressed her.
I think she likes him.
I think I hear them.
I thought I understood you.
Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more.
I was surprised when I saw you guys kissing.
You know I'm different.
You know that you're getting old when you have to explain to a Greek who Melina Mercouri was.
Do they know you're here?
Do they know you're here?
I know why Tom was arrested.
I know that this is strange.
I know I'm not dreaming.
I know you want to help him.
I know that Tom didn't do this.
We forgot you don't like pizza.
I stick out like a sore thumb.
I awoke to find my suitcase gone.
She woke up too late and was late to school.
She woke up too late and was late to school.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
Tom and Mary seem to be fighting all the time.
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat).
One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war.
The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river.
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
The man they're talking about has been dead for a long time.
The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as "a trap" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself.
Aristotle believed that the Earth was the center of the universe.
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
His son claims to hear voices.
Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices.
The manager treated his secretary very badly, because she made a small mistake.
The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days.
Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
Spearmint is a species of mint that is native to Europe and Southwest Asia.
"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible", said a government spokesperson.
Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: "Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola," he said.
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
The judge told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail.
My uncle can speak German.
In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Tom bought this camera for himself, not for his wife.
Tom never told me he had a dog.
Tom and Mary have been married three years.
Tom told me Mary was in jail.
Tom might think you don't like Mary.
Tom knows Mary is right.
Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs.
Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena.
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins.
His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say.
A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa.
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture.
Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants.
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
The news says that there was a big earthquake in Greece.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
The Greeks invented the comma, not for their literature but for their actors, to warn them to take a deep breath in preparation of an upcoming long phrase; thus a comma represents a pause.
Greeks often eat fish, too.
Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish.
Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home.
Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair.
The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to "prevent piracy".
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so.
The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around.
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong.
South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top.
Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible.
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture.
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually.
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court.
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice.
The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain.
Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question.
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations.
The governor also stated, "Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts.
They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
We all know that Tom is guilty.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character.
But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
However, living together as mother and daughter after 13 years of absence is not an easy matter.
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
She dreamed about kissing him.
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
Dan and Linda were married from 1994 to 2002.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately.
The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins.
Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary.
The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties.
Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia.
Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name.
The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you).
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing.
Certain languages use the imperfect tense to express incomplete actions.
Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains.
Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Sami and Layla hang out all the time.
The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong.
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack.
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic.
Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season.
General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping.
Her husband doesn't even know why she died.
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways.
When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special.
When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said "Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."
John Locke, the well-known philosopher of freedom, was a shareholder of the Royal African Company, which bought and sold slaves.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
Tom laughed when Mary said that.
Tom knows I'm Canadian.
Tom knows I'm Canadian.
Tom can't stand the hot and muggy summers here, so he heads for the mountains.
Tom isn't like you.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom is naked from the waist up.
Tom is a political and moral panderer.
Tom is shy and doesn't talk much.
Tom said he wouldn't be in Australia next week.
Tom said that he didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom said he had a lot of money.
Tom said that he wanted to forget Mary.
Tom said you would come.
Tom said you would come.
Tom said he'd probably go shopping with Mary on Monday.
Tom said you speak French.
Tom said that he thought I seemed impressed.
Tom said he knows Mary's secret.
Tom said that he liked rain.
Tom said he liked snow.
Tom said that he thought I seemed impressed.
Tom said he had to go somewhere.
Tom said it was unfair.
Tom said he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom said he wants to talk to you.
Tom said that he liked rain.
Tom said that Mary has always lived in Boston.
"Tom lost all his money gambling." "Serves him right; when I was telling him not to play, he wasn't listening to me."
Tom has a son and a daughter.
Tom has three sons and one daughter.
Tom knew I was busy.
Tom knew I was busy.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom would get angry if I did that.
Tom will probably have a heart attack if he doesn't slow down.
Tom claims to be a Canadian.
Tom claims to be a Canadian.
Tom claimed that he was innocent.
Tom and Mary love each other.
Tom and Mary started walking.
Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary didn't agree on anything.
Tom and Mary work hard.
Tom and Mary are good kids.
Tom and Mary have finally decided to get married.
Tom and Mary work hard.
Tom and Mary are on their way here now.
Tom and Mary have three sons and a daughter.
Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary were neighbors.
Tom and Mary could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if they'd worked a little faster.
Tom and Mary swam in the freezing lake.
Tom and Mary got married in a Catholic church.
Tom and Mary remained good friends.
Tom and Mary agreed with us.
Tom and Mary passionately kissed each other.
"Tom and Mary still live in Boston." "Anything else would have surprised me really."
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
Tom and Sue have known each other since 1985.
Tom has been saving money to go abroad.
Tom and I are both Canadians.
Tom is sleeping like a baby.
Tom says that he doesn't want to eat anything.
Tom says he saw who crashed into Mary's car.
Tom says that he'll wait for us.
Tom says he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom says that he's hungry.
Tom says he needs help.
Tom says he's Canadian.
Tom says it is urgent.
Tom says he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom referred me to you, saying that you're the best lawyer here.
Tom referred me to you, saying that you're the best lawyer here.
Tom asked me if I had slept at all last night.
Tom asked me if I were hungry.
Tom emigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
Tom told me Mary wanted to see me.
Tom told me that he would like to visit Boston.
Tom told me he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom told me he wants to go to Boston.
Tom can come with us if he wants to.
Tom can speak both French and English.
Tom thought that Mary was depressed.
Tom dressed like a girl.
Tom just had to accept things the way they were.
Tom always gets me to give him money; I can't say no to him.
Tom admitted killing Mary.
Tom believes Mary killed John.
Tom predicted Mary would do that.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a new dress.
Tom knows I'm Canadian.
Tom knows I'm Canadian.
Tom is afraid that I'll get lost.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
Chambers had sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."
ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month.
Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
I don't even know why I'm here.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W.
Your physiotherapist said that it might be therapeutic.
The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died.
Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years.
The date and place of the meeting have been fixed.
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
They got married three months ago.
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
She admitted that she was overweight and that she had to lose weight.
Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Please cancel my order and refund the money.
Please come before 2:30.
Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word "Gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people.
Take a book and read it.
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system.
Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back.
Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties.